README.md, before:

# **Athboy Community Information Hub** 
<img src="/development_assets/athboy_community_hub.jpg">

## <ins>Index<ins>

- [UX](#UX) 
    - [User Stories](#User_Stories)
    - [Wireframes](#Wireframes)
- [Features](#Features)
    - [Existing Features](#Existing_Features)
    - [Features Left to Implement](#Features_Left_to_Implement)
- [Technologies Used](#Technologies_Used)
- [Testing](#Testing)
- [Deployment](#Deployment)
- [Credits](#Credits)
    - [Content](#Content)
    - [Media](#Media)
    - [Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)


- - - -
## **<ins>UX</ins>**
The Athboy community information hub websites was conceived as a central location for information about Athboy could be hosted. Clubs & groups 
already have their own web and social media presence but the community hub would provide a central repository with easy to navigate pages and 
links connecting to all the individual resources. The site is aimed at both those local to Athboy who want to find information quickly and 
those researching Athboy as a potential destination either for a visit or to relocate to. 

### <ins>User_Stories</ins>

**As a parent;**
- I want to find what clubs and activities there are in the local area that my children might be interested in joining.

**As a resident;**
- I would like to know more about Athboy and what events are going on in the area.

**As a someone that is looking to move to Athboy;**
- What information can I find on Athboy like the history, what does the community offer, what clubs activities are there. Where is Athboy I will need to commute to my job.
As Someone still unsure, I have gone through the content in the Athboy site but I am unsure and have a question. 

### <ins>Wireframes</ins>
During the design phase of the project, with the above user stories in mind wireframes were developed to outline the layout the page would take.
The wireframe for each page can be found at the below linksl
| Page | Link to Wirefram (pdf) |
| --- | --- |
| Index.html | https://app.box.com/s/gpi50qhpyuz7c2gmhctgbbh0674rxkua |
| History.html | https://app.box.com/s/xvzikqtm45zbv9rq19o5a4ab5dvio09q |
| Activites.html | https://app.box.com/s/9h9ul3n2fno3p15vkixk3o6mabeh8pfl |
| Inquiry.html | https://app.box.com/s/d3uq5p4qnetisgx15v6fsx33c2y1l6w1 |

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -
## **<ins>Features</ins>**
The following describes the features that have been implemented into the website with some notes on future enhancements.
### <ins>Existing_Features</ins>
- Header image, nav bar & footer;
- The site was design with a common elements that span all pages of the site to replicate the user experience across all pages.
Responsiveness;
- The nav bar was locked to the top of the page to ensure ease of navigation, this is most important on mobile to prevent the need to scroll to the top of the page for the links.
- As part of the development reactive hover elements were included on all nav links and social media links. When the user hovers over the element, the site responds.
- In addition on the nav bar it is always clear to the user where they are and what pages are available to them. 

### <ins>Features_Left_to_Implement</ins>
- In the current version of the site, there are no additional features to implement.
- More information is being sought from others local groups & related to upcoming events.

- A future enhancement, would be to improve the events section to integrate a calendar view. (currently no planed timeline for this)
[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -
## <ins>Technologies_Used</ins>
**Balsamiq**    https://balsamiq.com/wireframes/
- Basamiq was used in the design phase to create wireframes of the proposed web site.

**Github** https://github.com/
- Github is the repository used for version control & storage of the project.
- Github pages was used for the deployment of the site.

**Gitpod** https://www.gitpod.io/
- Gitpod was the IDE used for the developemnt through out the project.

**Bootstrap** https://getbootstrap.com/
- Bootstrap library was chosen for the initial layout & to provide responsiveness across devices sizes, layout was customised on top of bootstrap.

**Google Fonts** https://fonts.google.com/
- Google fonts provided fonts for the project (Roboto Condensed & Serrat)

**Font Awesome** https://fontawesome.com/
- Icons used through the web site are sourced from Font Awesome

**W3C Validation Service** https://validator.w3.org/
- HTML & CSS code was cheked on W3C validator at the end of the project.

**HTML Formatter** https://webformatter.com/html
- HTML code was run through HTML formatter to fix any indentation issues.

**ami.responsivedesign** http://ami.responsivedesign.is/#
- The project was tested on ami.responsivedesign
- image used in readme file was taken from ami.responsivedesign site


[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -
## <ins>Testing</ins>

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

## <ins>Deployment</ins>
The site is deployed on Github Pages;
    https://meltaylor78.github.io/athboy/

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

## <ins>Credits</ins>

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

### <ins>Content</ins>

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

### <ins>Media</ins>

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

### <ins>Acknowledgements</ins>
| Name | Acknowledgement |
| --- | --- |
| Name | 123 abc |
| Name | Show file |

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

Commit message:

added section on testing and details in the acknowledgements section

README.md, after:

# **Athboy Community Information Hub** 
<img src="/development_assets/athboy_community_hub.jpg">

## <ins>Index<ins>

- [UX](#UX) 
    - [User Stories](#User_Stories)
    - [Wireframes](#Wireframes)
- [Features](#Features)
    - [Existing Features](#Existing_Features)
    - [Features Left to Implement](#Features_Left_to_Implement)
- [Technologies Used](#Technologies_Used)
- [Testing](#Testing)
- [Deployment](#Deployment)
- [Credits](#Credits)
    - [Content](#Content)
    - [Media](#Media)
    - [Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)


- - - -
## **<ins>UX</ins>**
The Athboy community information hub websites was conceived as a central location for information about Athboy could be hosted. Clubs & groups 
already have their own web and social media presence but the community hub would provide a central repository with easy to navigate pages and 
links connecting to all the individual resources. The site is aimed at both those local to Athboy who want to find information quickly and 
those researching Athboy as a potential destination either for a visit or to relocate to. 

### <ins>User_Stories</ins>

**As a parent;**
- I want to find what clubs and activities there are in the local area that my children might be interested in joining.

**As a resident;**
- I would like to know more about Athboy and what events are going on in the area.

**As a someone that is looking to move to Athboy;**
- What information can I find on Athboy like the history, what does the community offer, what clubs activities are there. Where is Athboy I will need to commute to my job.
As Someone still unsure, I have gone through the content in the Athboy site but I am unsure and have a question. 

### <ins>Wireframes</ins>
During the design phase of the project, with the above user stories in mind wireframes were developed to outline the layout the page would take.
The wireframe for each page can be found at the below linksl
| Page | Link to Wirefram (pdf) |
| --- | --- |
| Index.html | https://app.box.com/s/gpi50qhpyuz7c2gmhctgbbh0674rxkua |
| History.html | https://app.box.com/s/xvzikqtm45zbv9rq19o5a4ab5dvio09q |
| Activites.html | https://app.box.com/s/9h9ul3n2fno3p15vkixk3o6mabeh8pfl |
| Inquiry.html | https://app.box.com/s/d3uq5p4qnetisgx15v6fsx33c2y1l6w1 |

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -
## **<ins>Features</ins>**
The following describes the features that have been implemented into the website with some notes on future enhancements.
### <ins>Existing_Features</ins>
- Header image, nav bar & footer;
- The site was design with a common elements that span all pages of the site to replicate the user experience across all pages.
Responsiveness;
- The nav bar was locked to the top of the page to ensure ease of navigation, this is most important on mobile to prevent the need to scroll to the top of the page for the links.
- As part of the development reactive hover elements were included on all nav links and social media links. When the user hovers over the element, the site responds.
- In addition on the nav bar it is always clear to the user where they are and what pages are available to them. 

### <ins>Features_Left_to_Implement</ins>
- In the current version of the site, there are no additional features to implement.
- More information is being sought from others local groups & related to upcoming events.

- A future enhancement, would be to improve the events section to integrate a calendar view. (currently no planed timeline for this)
[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -
## <ins>Technologies_Used</ins>
**Balsamiq**    https://balsamiq.com/wireframes/
- Basamiq was used in the design phase to create wireframes of the proposed web site.

**Github** https://github.com/
- Github is the repository used for version control & storage of the project.
- Github pages was used for the deployment of the site.

**Gitpod** https://www.gitpod.io/
- Gitpod was the IDE used for the developemnt through out the project.

**Bootstrap** https://getbootstrap.com/
- Bootstrap library was chosen for the initial layout & to provide responsiveness across devices sizes, layout was customised on top of bootstrap.

**Google Fonts** https://fonts.google.com/
- Google fonts provided fonts for the project (Roboto Condensed & Serrat)

**Font Awesome** https://fontawesome.com/
- Icons used through the web site are sourced from Font Awesome

**W3C Validation Service** https://validator.w3.org/
- HTML & CSS code was cheked on W3C validator at the end of the project.

**HTML Formatter** https://webformatter.com/html
- HTML code was run through HTML formatter to fix any indentation issues.

**ami.responsivedesign** http://ami.responsivedesign.is/#
- The project was tested on ami.responsivedesign
- image used in readme file was taken from ami.responsivedesign site


[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -
## <ins>Testing</ins>
The project was developed in a DevOps type process. During the development of the website, there were  frequent deployments and ongoing testing and fixing of issues.
Issues that were found were logged in Github and fixes were deployed on the next devlopment cycle

In addtion, final tetsing was complete at the end of the project with the results in the linked manula tetsing excel file. 
| File Name | Location |
| --- | --- |
| Athboy Website (MS1) Testing Checklist | https://app.box.com/s/hptfyxe9syfs8x1is1entqxzu51beunv |

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

## <ins>Deployment</ins>
The site is deployed on Github Pages;
    https://meltaylor78.github.io/athboy/

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

## <ins>Credits</ins>

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

### <ins>Content</ins>

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

### <ins>Media</ins>

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -

### <ins>Acknowledgements</ins>
| Name | AcknowRoleledgement | Acknowledgement |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Caroline Taylor | Inital Idea, Content Provider, User Accptnace Tetsing | test test |
|  | Content Provider | test test |
|  | User Accptnace Tetsing | test test |
| Rahul Lakhanpal | Project Mentor | Rahul provide me with the gudance to complete the project and advise on areas to better meet the project brief |

[Table of Contents](#Index)
- - - -
